Opendronemap (#30)
terraref/drone-pipeline: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

> We are very happy to have you contributing to our common effort!

Reviewer: could start by outlining different ways to contribute, e.g. user stories, pull requests, feature requests, fixing bugs, writing tests ... starting with ways that non-technical people can contribute

Author: Added

To contribute to the TERRA REF Drone Pipeline, please follow the workflow outlined below.

We are also happy to receive [feedback](https://github.com/terraref/drone-pipeline/issues/new/choose) on our policies and how they may, or may not, apply to you. 

> Note that policies need to be followed regardless of how you may feel about them.

Reviewer: Revise to be more welcoming?

Author: Changing to:

We recognize that our policies are a work in progress.
If you find something that doesn't make sense, seems unnecessary, or creates an undue burden, please let us know through our feedback mechanism.

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,

> email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Reviewer: slack, also give your email ...

Author: Done

## User Stories

If you want to use the drone pipeline to solve a problem you have, but aren't able to spend the time necessary for making a complete solution, consider adding a [User Story](https://github.com/terraref/drone-pipeline/issues/new/choose).

Adding a user story allows your needs to become known and commenting on it to begin.
Once your user story is in the system it can be picked up and worked on by interested developers.

User stories are also a great way of providing a template for using the drone pipeline to provide solutions.

> It's possible that someone has had similar needs and by reading how they reached a solution can be helpful.

Reviewer: And helps us by identifying common community needs

Author: Done

> ## Branches

Reviewer: As it is, this jumps pretty quickly into branching before discussing our overall github workflow. Should we first point them to and summarize https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow?

Branches should be under a subsection like 'contributing to development'

Author: Added to this

Finally a slash `/` and a very brief description is appended.
The description can contain alpha-numeric characters and hyphens.
Hyphens are used to separate words in this part of the name; underscores and other symbols are not allowed.

For example, the branch for Issue Report #7, for removing any trailing underscores from files names, could be named `issue-7/remove-trailing-chars`.
The first part, `issue-7/` is fixed and unchanging, the tailing short description could be different (`no-trailing-symbols` for example).

### Issue Branch merging

When an issue branch is merged with the develop branch, it is deleted, resulting in the complete loss of the development history of an issue.
The goal is to reduce the amount of data to sort through to get to meaningful information.
It's important to comment on all commits to assist reviewers.
Many changes are small/short updates (or at least should be) and aren't important after reviewing and merging.
If there's something important to be considered in the future, it should be documented elsewhere.

This policy may be amended in the future.

## Documentation

You are responsible for providing new documentation for your changes.

> Depending upon what the changes are, it may be necessary to create brand new documentation files.

Reviewer: Where? In the readme to start?

Author: Fleshed this out more

  * If it's a new feature or an improvement, use the `Feature Request` issue template and clearly describe all requirements and how your proposed solution would fulfill them. For complex
  new features it might help to create a [wiki page](https://github.com/terraref/drone-pipeline/wiki)
4. Create a fork on [GitHub](https://github.com/terraref/drone-pipeline)
5. Check out the `develop` branch
6. Make a feature/issue/task branch using the naming convention described above
7. Make your cool new feature or bug fix on your branch and update the documentation
8. From your branch, make a pull request against `develop`, being sure to point out where to find documentation updates (clearly labeled URIs are fine), and providing testing materials
9. Work with repo maintainers to get your change reviewed on [GitHub](https://github.com/terraref/drone-pipeline)
10. After approval, your branch will be merged into the `develop` branch
11. Your branch will be deleted soon after being merged. Post-merge issues or changes are addressed with new tickets.

## Code Reviews

All code reviews will be part of the pull request and take place on GitHub.

## Continuous Integration

(TBD)

> ## Code of Conduct

Reviewer: I think we could have a global code of conduct for the terraref organization or this can be put on our main website and referenced from the contributing guidelines. Both contributing and code of conduct should be referenced from the overall README

Author: Broken out into CODEOFCONDUCT.md

  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported by contacting the project team at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS]. All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team lead at dlebauer@email.arizona.edu. All
```

Is this sufficient? Would be nice to have alternative contacts.
